the stock market is filled with
overcrowded trades with central banks
buying shares we need to know where the
real money is is this all computer
algorithms or is this complete
fundamentals understand that certain
stocks receive help from central banks
and therefore distort the market It's
always important to search for the truth
and that's why you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
today we are going to get into various
issues but I want to cover the trades
that are
overcrowded right now so I want to begin
with
this looking at the education bubble the
tuition bubble and it is one of the
biggest that we have today I'll scroll
down what we're looking at is higher
education inflation School tuition's
Rising
essentially focus on the chart on the
right hand side prices change since
1990 when you look at the gray line that
is all consumer prices so we can say
that the CPI is the cost of living
index you can see that even though these
numbers are fake you can just look where
they are year over year over year things
get more
expensive that's a fact and as a result
you see your currency being worth less
and less they go hand in hand in fact
then compare that to medical care that's
the yellow line the medical care has
expanded dramatically over these same
years it has gone far beyond the rate at
which our supposed cost of living index
is going at then you look at College
tuition which is the blue line and you
can see that it has gone astronom omal
in comparison to this cost of living
index so the cost of living index is
totally fraudulent when they can make it
seem like things are rising at 2% or
whatever number they give us per year
when in fact you know if you just leave
out all the things that have risen
dramatically sure you can get a rating
of 2% but it doesn't work like that not
in reality anyway so this is what we're
experiencing now now look at the bubble
that we are seeing right now this is
student loans owned and securitized
outstanding this is from the Federal
Reserve themselves you've seen these
charts before and you could see that
this goes from essentially let's call it
the financial crisis up until today and
you'll look at that I mean it is just a
perfectly straight line upward it is
escalating to the point where we don't
know what at what point this
will snap but we can see that it's over
a trillion dollars today and there's no
way mathematically this can be paid back
and it will not be paid back it will
most likely need to be bailed out in
some sort of way but just like all debt
that we see whether it's mortgages
whether it's credit cards the student
loans are securitized as well and what
does that mean
your debt is packaged up and sold off to
investors that means they make money off
of the debt people don't realize that
you just look at it
one-dimensionally there's debt there the
people have it and it's okay it doesn't
really matter that's that's really not
the depth of it you understand that all
of this debt is packaged up by these
financial institutions sold off to these
other companies
and you are seeing it actually cause a
detriment to certain count certain
people certain sectors when they can
push these markets down and they can use
cdss like they did in Greece they can do
these they're called Financial weapons
of mass destruction for a reason okay
let's move on right here looking at this
the IMF I've said this before but
basically the IMF is part of this you
know super National entities which own
and control other countries but their
reports that they talk about I think
they're great the analysis is great I
just don't like their actual
implementation now what they've said
here and this is somewhat hard to
believe the IMF could be based in
Beijing in a decade if growth trends for
China and other big Emerging Markets
continue and these are reflected in the
funds voting structure that's according
to Christine lagard
herself so they're saying that
essentially as China grows and grows
they become more influential and
therefore we might have our offices over
there and that shows us what has
happened to the world things are
changing yes there will be setbacks in
China there will be setbacks in other
countries that we see however you can
see the longer term you know that might
be 30 years that might be 40 years who
knows how long it will take but you can
see that the hemony that once was there
sort of doesn't really exist the same
way as it did a few decades
ago looking at this this is the topic
for today I just want to briefly cover
it in fact looking at this crowded lungs
these are the crowded Longs that we are
experiencing right now looking at
alphabet being number one Alibaba Amazon
Facebook Apple I'll just scroll for a
moment here you're seeing the um
Microsoft City
Group all different types all different
types but I'm noticing a lot of
technology stocks that are here at the
very top and that shows me that these
are being pushed up by the central banks
and then people just ride the wave right
behind it I think personally that that
is over crowding and that's never a good
sign you want to be that contrarian
sometimes not too early of course but
you want to have that contrarian bet
when everybody's going one way you have
to go the other and that's when the
biggest gains are made now I'm not
suggesting anybody suggesting that
anybody do anything but I'm just showing
you the facts then I'll scroll to the
side here and show you the crowded
shorts and I just wanted to note one and
that is Tesla Tesla is the number one
crowded short everybody believes this
stock should Decline and here it is at
number one now that would mean could it
go higher I don't know it's accelerated
to a certain degree at this point that
it has seemed rather unlikely that it
can
continue but we'll see where it goes I
just wanted to point these out I think
this is important because you need to
understand which stocks are being bought
up to much because it's not just about
fundamentals anymore those have somewhat
been thrown out of the window
unfortunately and then we have this to
just finish it off the 3month t- bill
auction yield guess what this has now
hit a level that we have not seen since
the financial crisis how many many times
do I need to repeat myself and how many
times do I need to repeat myself from
saying that we are in the financial
crisis part two this is just one more
example people are not doing well the
prosperity is not there yes you see some
people doing well yes some people have
had their assets appreciate however the
general economy the 10th cities all of
the poverty the homelessness is being
seen around the globe and I've asked
people just recently to tell me what
they see on the streets and I have
received many reports from people
talking about the poverty that they see
on the streets with their own eyes not
even the mainstream media not the
Independent Media I want individuals on
the ground telling me what they think I
aggregate that news from all over the
world and then I bring it to you here
that's what this ch channel is about I
take things from the Grassroots and
bring it to you these articles are in a
way just props for me to get this
information to you I have people
contacting me all the time different
walks of life different levels and and
different colors and Creeds and
everything else literally all over the
world and they tell me the situation
they see they experience so I get that
picture a lot of people they sort of
have their 9 to5 job or maybe they're
going to school and then they see their
um Social Circle and then they head back
home they watch their television or they
go on the Internet or whatever it might
be and then they go to sleep and then it
starts over again they may not have the
exposure that somebody else like me or
or somebody who's definitely much more
popular there are a lot of uh YouTubers
and and people in the media and
everything else that are in contact with
many more people and I'm myself am
seeing that there is a general consensus
that people aren't doing well right now
you as an individual you may be doing
well but I'm just saying General
consensus here anyway that's it for this
video if you found it informative please
give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse more
informative those are at Amazon the
links are in the description of this
video and if you want to check out lots
of free stuff that I have it's on my
website you can get the free ebooks you
can get the free ecourse and much more
the money gps.com